You said you're managing or you're producing rap artists?
How many?
Um,
like I'm in the,
I'm in the studio right now with this group called suicide boys who are awesome.
They're from New Orleans and we have a EAP coming out that's called a live fast
die whenever and we just finished over the weekend,
so or yesterday.
So it's,
you know,
you go in there at noon and you leave there at four in the morning every day
until you're finished cause they're only in town for a little while.
So yeah,
it takes a little bit.
Um,
and then like I worked on xxx denotations album,
uh,
before he passed away.
Um,
I worked with like smoke per,
I'm Vic Mensa,
a bunch of different artists.
Do you like sad because it's a different genre?
It helps you mix it up a little bit.
Yeah.
You just a big rap fan as well.
Obviously you're wearing an ice cube shirt
grew up.
I actually listened to rap music before.
This isn't any kind of music at all like Beastie boys and run DMC and public
enemy in the far side and Krs one.
That's what I grew up on.
And then I discovered,
yeah,
I loved metal too.
I'd love to slayer and king diamond.
And then,
and then I discovered a band called minor threat and the descendants and black
flag and bad brains and I just liked it all.
And then my dad listened to jazz music and country rebel music.
So I was born in,
raised on like Johnny Cash and Owens and everything.
So,
and I,
I kind of learned to love it all and I had people around me when I was young,
when I was first learning how to read music that just kept embedding in my head.
Like you got to listen to everything.
You can't just learn one thing.
So I was actually taught how to play like traditional jazz when I was really
young and then I taught myself how to play everything else.
That's fucking cool.
Yeah,
but that's always loved everything.
That's nice that you have an appreciation for all those different genres too.
Yeah.
It'd be like if all you did was UFC commentating,
you'd be like,
Oh,
I'm going to go crazy.
Like this must be so much fun for you and all of your other endeavors.
Like same thing,
like if I was only making,
you know,
punk rock records or pop punk records or whatever it was,
I think I would go insane.
And it's been like that for three years,
you know?
Yeah.
I think different people,
I think some people if they're just doing like baseball commentary or something
like that,
they're fucking happy as shit.
They love it and they just want to do that.
But there's some people like you or maybe like me that I need different things.
Yeah,
I will go crazy.
I love like studio life is awesome.
Like I did a Hans Zimmer thing and the other week and then the next day I'm in
with like a band called nothing.
Nowhere doing something completely different.
This week I'm doing uh,
a little peep and xxx remix.
It's,
it has to be like that for me or I get really bored and I just don't feel
creative.
So kind of like,
I don't know.
That's cool.
I like that.
How does that work?
Like you get a phone call or someone texts you,
hey Travis,
we need you to come in here and light this mother fucker on fire and you get in
there and yeah,
it's
been like that,
you know,
um,
or like,
you know,
some projects manifested.
Like there's this band called the fever three,
three,
three that I produce and uh,
and write with.
And they just got nominated for a grammy like throughout for a grammy for best
rock performance.
And that was something I just envisioned with the singer of that band,
Jason.
And we started literally a year ago and the,
and they're nominated for a grammy.
Wow.
So like stuff like that,
like kind of being an architecture without building buildings,
you know,
being architecture and music or whatever it is,
whatever it is you're passionate about,
that excites me is building sounds like there's nothing better.
And working with different genres to has got to be exciting too because you can
mix it up and,
yeah.
Wow.
Now when you're like,
what,
when,
how do you,
how like schedule your time in terms of like how much time are you going to
spend on your own studio work?
How much time are you gonna spend on other people's stuff to just play it by
ear?
It seems like with a guy like you,
you must get so many requests and you said you have a hard time saying no.
I would imagine it's fucking overwhelming.
Yeah.
Well my kids come first before everything.
Anything,
you know,
and then I get a lot of opportunities.
Like my son Landon is a big rap fan.
Like he loves her.
He was raised on rap music,
like he grew up touring with me and little Wayne when I talk with little Wayne.
Uh,
and he loves being in the studio,
so he'll come with me to the studio so I can kind of like double dip work at the
same time as he's in,
be making music in my studio B,
which is really,
really awesome.
And then same with the Alabama.
She's,
I'm lucky they're both musicians cause Alabama and line in both love music.
So they like going on tour with me.
They're like,
that's amazing with me.
Yeah.
Or,
or I probably wouldn't be working so much.
That's really cool.
Yeah.
What the fuck is it like going on tour with Little Wayne?
He was so awesome.
I came out with a rap,
a rap project where I produced,
I made all the beats and I just got all my favorite rappers.
Everyone from like Rizza from the Wu Tang clan to little Wayne a game.
Swizz beats.
Um,
it was,
it was crazy.
I think I had 30 guests on there and Wayne asked me to go out on tour with him.
So me and mix master Mike from the beasties were like the opening act on that
tour.
And Drake was out there.
Nicki Minaj and Rick Ross.
Wow.
Fun.
So I loaded up the bus with everyone.
I brought yellow a foul.
I brought j rock about Paul Wall.
I brought the cool kids and we just got on a bus and we went on tour.
Jesus is the best.
Yeah.
How long are those shows?
All those people,
how long has that show?
That's not go well with all the acts.
At least four hours.
Yeah,
it's a long time,
but it was so fun.
Fucking shows over like,
good,
Laura,
that audience must be beaten into a coma.
Oh yeah.
But then the headliners on who they are really there to see.
But that,
that was a big accomplishment.
Just being able to play in that genre of music because I listened to it as a
kid.
There's never really been a home for live drummer and a wrap scenario right now.
So from the beginning,
I think,
I don't even know what year it was when puff call me when I had just joined
blink and he's like,
y'all want you to be in this video?
I was like,
what?
Like,
you know what I mean?
Cause I've pretty much was,
I was just like,
wow,
I'm in.
What are the biggest bands in the world?
I'm so stoked.
I couldn't ask for anything more.
And I always want to go.
I always wanted to get some of that tour was so fun.
But yeah,
once puff asked me to be in a video,
it was kind of like,
uh,
it just snowballed from there.
He's just gotten into that world.
Yeah.
And I,
I had no idea why he wanted me,
you know,
but I was just like,
wow,
this is so cool.
Because I grew up on biggie.
Like I loved all of that genre in music,
but I was okay with just staying in my lane as well.
But when I got accepted with like open arms and I was invited to do like bet
awards with TEI or Tyga or Wayne and it was just insane,
you know,
playing the grammys.
The funny thing is I've never played the Grammy's.
He'll blink,
but I've played the Grammy's with like Pitbull,
Drake,
mnm like it's so weird.
It's so weird to me.
I just feel it.
It's a trip.
The opportunities I've had outside of rock music has been such blessings to you
when you say all these things and you know that you did all these things is it
almost seemed like you're living in a dream.
Yeah,
I feel like smacking myself.
So like it doesn't feel real when people go like,
Oh,
who'd you like to collaborate with?
I feel like I'm so spoiled and I've,
I've been so blessed to play with all these musicians.
I love that.
I just say nobody,
you know,
whatever comes,
I'm happy with.